what is cors and what is it used for  

CORS or "Cross-Origin Resource Sharing" refers to the situations when a frontend running in a browser has JavaScript code that communicates with a backend, and the backend is in a different "origin" than the frontend.


An origin is the combination of protocol (http, https), domain (myapp.com, localhost, localhost.tiangolo.com), and port (80, 443, 8080).

So, all these are different origins:

http://localhost
https://localhost
http://localhost:8080
Even if they are all in localhost, they use different protocols or ports, so, they are different "origins".

So, let's say you have a frontend running in your browser at http://localhost:8080, and its JavaScript is trying to communicate with a backend running at http://localhost (because we don't specify a port, the browser will assume the default port 80).

Then, the browser will send an HTTP OPTIONS request to the backend, and if the backend sends the appropriate headers authorizing the communication from this different origin (http://localhost:8080) then the browser will let the JavaScript in the frontend send its request to the backend.

To achieve this, the backend must have a list of "allowed origins".

In this case, it would have to include http://localhost:8080 for the frontend to work correctly.

setting credentials to true allows cookies and http authentication schemes and certificates to be sent with Cross
origin request.

react toast is used to make notification easily in the application 

we use context while we are dealing with smaller application while we use store when we are dealing with bigger applications 
that are more complex and require more state managment then we go for react redux 

if we set something as disabled={somecondition} like in a button then 
when the value is true of that condition that button will be disabled 
and as soon as that value becomes false the element would be enabled for 
example while the website is loading button can be kept as disabled={loading} so
while the website is loading the value of loading will be true and the button will be  
disabled and as soon as the website is loaded the value of loading will be false and 
then the button will be enabled and the user can then click the button as well.


using cors and setting withCredentials in axios as true and what is its use ->
The property only applies when making requests to a different origin.
Responses from a different domain cannot set cookie values for their own domain unless withCredentials is set to true when making the request.
In other words, when the withCredentials property is set to true, axios sends cookies and other credentials automatically.
The cookies honor the same-origin policy and are not accessible through document.cookie or from the response headers.
When the withCredentials setting is set to true, the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header cannot be set to a wildcard *.
Instead, the header has to be set to one or more, specific domains.

Note also that Link is a React component and as such it must be rendered into the DOM as part of the return from a React component, whereas the navigate function is a function and can be used in callbacks.


hosting backend on https://render.com/ 

first created a github repo and copied all the code their
remove the node modules and also the config file and then put all the code over their on github 
not hosting the website 


the website re renders when we are using react js use selector hook if the value that the use selector is refering to changes. 
